Update the ASP.NET Core overview page for 3.x (#17877)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/introduction-to-aspnet-core.md

1. Follow a tutorial that shows how to do basic data access.

   |Scenario  |Tutorial  |
   |----------|----------|
   |New development        |[Razor Pages with Entity Framework Core](xref:data/ef-rp/intro) |
   |Maintaining an MVC app |[MVC with Entity Framework Core](xref:data/ef-mvc/intro) |

1. Read an overview of ASP.NET Core [fundamentals](xref:fundamentals/index) that apply to all app types.

1. Browse the table of contents for other topics of interest.

\* There's also an [interactive web API tutorial](/learn/modules/build-web-api-net-core). No local installation of development tools is required. The code runs in an [Azure Cloud Shell](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/cloud-shell/) in your browser, and [curl](https://curl.haxx.se/) is used for testing.

## Migrate from .NET Framework

For a reference guide to migrating ASP.NET 4.x apps to ASP.NET Core, see <xref:migration/proper-to-2x/index>.

::: moniker-end

::: moniker range="< aspnetcore-3.0"

ASP.NET Core is a cross-platform, high-performance, [open-source](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore) framework for building modern, cloud-enabled, Internet-connected apps. With ASP.NET Core, you can:

> * Build web apps and services, [IoT](https://www.microsoft.com/internet-of-things/) apps, and mobile backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build web apps and services, [Internet of Things (IoT)](https://www.microsoft.com/internet-of-things/) apps, and mobile backends.
```

1. Follow a tutorial for the type of app you want to develop or maintain.

   |App type  |Scenario  |Tutorial  |
   |----------|----------|----------|
   |Web app                   | For new development        |[Get started with Razor Pages](xref:tutorials/razor-pages/razor-pages-start) |
   |Web app                   | For maintaining an MVC app |[Get started with MVC](xref:tutorials/first-mvc-app/start-mvc)|
   |Web API                   |                            |[Create a web API](xref:tutorials/first-web-api)\*  |
   |Real-time app             |                            |[Get started with SignalR](xref:tutorials/signalr) |

1. Follow a tutorial that shows how to do basic data access.

   |Scenario  |Tutorial  |
   |----------|----------|
   | For new development        |[Razor Pages with Entity Framework Core](xref:data/ef-rp/intro) |
   | For maintaining an MVC app |[MVC with Entity Framework Core](xref:data/ef-mvc/intro) |

1. Read an overview of ASP.NET Core [fundamentals](xref:fundamentals/index) that apply to all app types.

1. Browse the Table of Contents for other topics of interest.

> \* There is a [web API tutorial that you follow entirely in the browser](/learn/modules/build-web-api-net-core), no local IDE installation required. The code runs in an [Azure Cloud Shell](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/cloud-shell/), and [curl](https://curl.haxx.se/) is used for testing.

Reviewer: If daggerizing ... and the following matches the "There's also a ..." structure used earlier ...

```suggestion
&dagger;There's also a [web API tutorial that you follow entirely in the browser](/learn/modules/build-web-api-net-core), no local IDE installation required. The code runs in an [Azure Cloud Shell](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/cloud-shell/), and [curl](https://curl.haxx.se/) is used for testing.
```
